so Chris what what are you playing or
watching this week I'm kind of proud to
say this okay but I'm saying kinda
because I honestly and I apologize I'm
so sorry
so all of you people out there who play
card games I get it now I get excites
buckin cuz you're not gathering with
your friends and playing actual card
game though
what are you playing it on play on the
iPad the iPad has the was at the
planeswalker 2013 haven't heard of this
it's very cool duel of the Planeswalkers
wins essentially it's taking the Magic
the Gathering card game and I'm really
speaking as a complete novice okay but
it's teaching me how to play Magic the
Gathering and that's pretty lattice
awesome there's strategy I love strategy
games yeah big civilizations fan chess
fan and now here I am playing Magic the
Gathering and I feel like an asshole no
no no I used to play the Star Wars TGS a
lot that was my that was my favorite and
I mean mad at Magic's a lot more
in-depth than that but card games are
fun they're very addictive but and
that's a nerdy but that's why I feel
like an asshole is because I actually
used to look at that like skip right
here and that's kind of like watch
people lose their temper and throw
tables in the air because they lost a
crime like come on I know that a poker
table yeah yeah and I see that happening
in a car game and now I really
understand why I mean the interface for
this game is awesome and it simplifies
exactly what's going on I don't know
what I'm doing what I'm learning through
trial and error which is cool where
honestly if I was to come into you know
a real match of The Gathering card game
like here's my new pack I will plug it
left out of the room but yeah exactly
exactly and I'm learning and the
intricacies err humble in the depth of
the game and I mean she's Bravo really
you know to me for picking this thing up
and playing it and it gave me the nerd
credentials are right back for not
knowing anything about Nintendo games
like mother oh I can't wait till next
week's episode where you're gonna start
growing a neckbeard and I'm gonna wear a
Harry Potter scar my pants you must are
getting real tight you're playing real
live quit it
oh my god yes grain that uh well I mean
I've been playing Simpson snapped out of
my iPad and watching Parks and Rec not
too exciting on my end
watch the reckless talk about patent oh
my god yes God like yes so there was a
video that was released online of Patton
Oswalt doing a filibuster for Parks and
Rec and he pretty much described his
perfect plot to Episode seven Star Wars
and what a surprise didn't include him
very much Star Wars to make star without
moving in fact it was mostly the Marvel
Universe which is super rad what was
amazing about that whole soliloquy
monologue call it what you will was just
how accurate he was in every little
piece of nerdiness he literally Coast
out of the jungle and I'm like he got
him alright but he's like the the gem of
power wisdom and he's got him alright
we're probably like he was living like
you know what and this is not long yeah
and so basically what he described is in
Episode seven Thanos from the end of
Avengers comes into he does a
transdimensional switch I guess you'd
call them ribbons and I think we
shouldn't get into it too much because
it'll war the living no wait awesome
just watching yourself we'll give you
the whole thing
WWE this is where you see it but the
x-wing in the Quinjet fight which is rad
I like to headless Chewbacca yeah you
should think about the Toy Story I did
yeah that's exactly the baby head yeah
yeah so check that check it out like
Patton Oswald you the man yo thank you I
have literally have no fluid in my mouth
I got to do a Marco Rubio can we please
cut